You
Oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh time out JC on the bike
JC on the bike it's JC on the bike it's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise
enough to know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at
round it's JC on the bike who says Vader didn't study music in college
I
And a T cell response in particular the cells that have that RNA they're
making that spike protein will get attacked so hold on I want to pause you
because I advanced a hypothesis on dark horse which is now just come right
back up so I want to catch people up and then I want you to pick up your
explanation so what I argued I believe I came up with this independently
but I believe Peter McCullough has mentioned something similar as his
Jonathan Cooey
scene if you think about it you know if we're defining vaccine really
liberally and these COVID vaccines are vaccines the flu vaccines vaccine okay
but actually they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things
vaccines and you know anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that
you need shots within a year you know Canada saying nine months is as actually
JJ Cooey's insistence and I think he's right on calling them
transfections rather than vaccines so my name is Jonathan Cooey and I started
this whole show in 2020 and I named it Giga Ohm biological because when I was
an academic biologist I used to make what was called Giga Ohm seals as I
recorded from individual neurons as depicted in this cartoon that's where
Giga Ohm biological comes from and it actually is a very high resistance low
noise recording and I hope that this information brief will be a very high
resistance low noise recording as well Giga Ohm biological does need your
support as we go into 2024 it's very possible that things will lead to the
need for ever more support of this channel especially because as we've
confessed to having been bamboozled the attacks have only increased and the
pressure from all directions including those probably least expected may lead
to this being a canned shaking operation on the internet again and if that does
happen I need subscribers I think I think it would be if anybody out there
still on the fence Japanese television I need people only so many and then this
becomes almost invincible embarrassing anyway this stream is going to be
dedicated to my friend NJB if there is any even a chance that what is
you
tell me
well it is the 31st of December 2023 and there was no spread in New York City
infectious clones are the only real threat placebo batches were likely
distributed in transfection healthy mammals is dumb the protocols were
murder gained a function as a mythology the Scooby-Doo is real and all it took
was a spectacular commitment to lies in order to sustain a faith about a novel
virus where millions of people died and millions won was safe
I'm going to definitely come again just keep going biological
oh that little glitchy glitcher there I saw a little glitchy glitcher there darn
it definitely saw a glitch there I saw like Spock and somebody standing there
that's not supposed to be visible some timing went off there darn it any who
let's go back to the front screen here welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen
happy new year it is the 31st of December 2023 I might have said something
different earlier somehow that feels like it's the first time I've actually said
that correct welcome to the show this is going on biological high resistance
low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist in the back of his
garage of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA Earth I hope that you are finding
yourself in a cozy place surrounded by friends I hope you're not listening to
this alone and if you are listening into alone I hope it's because you've chosen
to you know just not be in the hubbub and craziness of what is essentially just
another day the solstice was a couple weeks ago that was a significant event I
mean really you know New Year's Eve what is it really other than an excuse for
people to get drunk or kiss somebody that they couldn't normally otherwise kiss
just like mistletoe really right giggling biological is the safest way to get
biology into your head so happy new year happy new year to you out there Jeff
I'm sorry that the tattoo didn't work out as well as you had hoped but it's
still roughly the same shape anyway this is where we are we're trying to avoid
our children boarding the train boarding the train that is the faith in a novel
virus and unfortunately the way this is seems to have been working out is that
everybody is seeming to ignore our conversion our eventual realization that
most of this all of this was smoke and mirrors and instead everyone insists on
suggesting that we still don't get it and we really are trying to succinctly
describe what it is that we get and what it is we are trying to avoid we are
trying at giggling biological to prevent you from passing on to your
children the idea that we have defeated disease in the past using
vaccination we are trying to stop you from passing along these other bad ideas
that include PCR working and that variants are evidence of spread and that we spend
money on getting a function research we don't want your children to grow up
believing any of that and so I believe that the way out is biology and I think
if we use this in this scenario we need to advocate for a pause on all childhood
vaccinations in the United States and yes if you are out there and you have
children I am advocating for you right now to seriously consider the possibility
of never giving your children a doctor recommended CDC recommended vaccination
again if you're about to have a child you have a wonderful opportunity a
wonderful opportunity to have a control group child that is unvaccinated and
just see what happens maybe you'll end up with a really ornery non reading non
verbal frustrating child who's very emotional and hard to connect with maybe
not I think we should be advocating for strict liability for all pharmaceutical
products and I think anybody that's not using that language is probably
selling you something I think we should investigate the use of deadly protocols
to cause mass casualty events which were then misconstrued to create the
illusion of a pandemic I would like also and serious investigation into the
possible use of transfection in order to augment this illusion of a pandemic
with real molecular biology I want you to reclaim sovereignty over your body
and that of your children and I want Congress to be forced to end the CDC
and withdraw from the who in the UN entirely
the pandemic was created very specifically I explained this on the 23rd of
December but the contents of my 23rd of December show were deemed totally
inappropriate by people who have significant influence over me and so I
removed that show on the 23rd in respect to those people and I am
recapping that show here minus the information or content that was deemed
inappropriate the pandemic was created in the following way and I'd like to
explore this in a little more detail tonight
seeding the gain of function narrative with scientific programs and peer
reviewed publications for years before the pandemic you cannot underestimate
how important this is and you can see the signals of it based on the fact that
not very many people work on these things and the ones who do are connected
to the top it's not like I could just go and start a coronavirus lab and that is
by design because those papers needed to be out there at the same time as they
were having regular upper level exercises i.e. secret meetings which were
drilling in the idea that a response to a gain of function pandemic would be
necessary in the future because of this existing national security threat
seeding the mass casualty events with complications expected for
transfection went right along with seeding the narrative of the worst team
worst-case scenario with complications expected for transfection in other
words they had to plan to transfect us all along and the idea was to have a
number of symptoms blamed on the viral syndrome which would then confound the
expected let's say adverse events that were going to inevitably follow with the
rollout of transfection so then the real important detail here is making the
response to the declared national cry sorry making the response to the declared
crisis a national security operation to restrict open discussion of response
by narrative directing participants in other words anybody that was co-opted by
the narrative was also really signed in granted limited security clearance or
something like that that would put them in a position where they felt very
obligated to stick to the writing whenever they signed and the toxicity of
the virus and transfection are confounded to allow the pandemic to prove the
transfections successful ultimately successful with some hiccups successful
with some obvious you know upgrades successful with some obviously obvious
evolution of the technology that's the idea here that's how the pandemic was
created that was the plan all along and of course we can see that in retrospect
by looking at how number two these upper-level exercises were so orchestrated
how they were written and how so on those same basic patterns this this event
actually falls that can't be solely because they plan so well it's also
because they planned so well and that's how we got here to be here in let's
say you know four years I mean can you believe it four years and now we're here
with this novel virus that killed millions I've heard seven million as a
number around the world thrown around a lot over the last few days I heard
Seth Seth whatever his name is on on Bill Myers Bill Maher's thing saying
seven million people died like often extraordinary number to have in his head
and repeat over and over again seven million people died but many more
millions were saved from that novel virus and gain a function is real it's
probably the source of where this came from ultimately and the virus will come
again that's where we are this Christmas
Christmas 2023 I mean it's and that's just that's just extraordinary and I
hope all of you had a great one but as we move on into 2024 I don't think this
analogy has lost any strength or any power at all the idea that we were
fooled into solving a mystery the idea that we were tricked into thinking that
we were uncovering liars funding streams grant proposals we weren't supposed to
see whistleblowers we weren't supposed to see on camera all this stuff it's all
a theater designed to make us feel like we figured out the mystery we solved it
wow bad guys caught excellent that's what they want us to believe and for the
most part the skilled TV watchers have been fooled here's an example of one of
the headlines from the time that Joe Rogan was attacked and here are some others
the Washington Post Joe Rogan is using his wildly popular podcast to question
vaccines experts are fighting back remember there was a petition apparently
from 300 doctors and they looked into that and those people weren't even doctors
it's crazy the Atlantic Joe Rogan show may be done but is it actually deadly
oh my god they were telling the truth this is propaganda this is coordinated
how does this happen to people today Dr. Fauci says Joe Rogan is incorrect to
tell young people not to get vaccinated I think Fauci was incorrect to go round
of various government agencies disparaging the lab leak theory when it
increasingly seems like that's exactly how this whole process began and they
indeed participated in the funding of that very lab NBC Joe Rogan's COVID
vaccine misinfo matters this is important actually this is why we've all
got to really care about this well they failed didn't they but believe me that
mentality has not gone away if you are a dissenting voice you will be attacked
if you're an individual communicating online you're likely be censored let's
know in the chat if you've had your free speech impaired and if you're a public
figure the attacks could be unprecedented immersive coordinated and
terrifying the United States wasn't alone in spending large sums of taxpayer
dollars to promote its agenda the Trudeau government invested over six
hundred thousand dollars in hiring social media influences to advance
federal directives including the push for Canadians to get vaccinated and
boosted his headline fed spent more than six hundred thousand hiring influencers
in 2021 as ctv reports health Canada spent the most on hiring influences to
promote government information a hundred thirty thousand six hundred dollars was
spent towards an influencer campaign in support of the COVID-19 vaccination
marketing and advertising campaign none of this is to mention Pfizer's
vaccine campaigns paying celebrities to rhapsodize about marvellously safe and
effective mRNA inoculation Travis Kelsey a professional football player
watched and revered by many young American men in particular promoted
game the updated booster shot on flu vaccine in the same visit here's a story
about that the Washington Post NBC and the New York Times should have held the
Biden administration's feet to the fire for promoting experimental vaccines in
all Americans irrespective of risk and continued revelations regarding
concerning side effects they miserably failed to do so the last standing
bulwark against government propaganda and censorship is crumbling before our
eyes losing relevant by the month perhaps a solution for media institutions
to earn back credibility is to critically cover federal agencies
misinforming the public rather than take funds to promote their agendas we have
no reliable legacy state or corporate media anymore stay free see it first on
rumble so is that an announcement that we don't have any more free media any
more no more free state media was that an announcement or is he just telling us
something that we already know I think he's telling us something we already know
right and there's no real new information there with regard to the lab
leak being the likely source of this and they funded it that was the Scooby-Doo
in a nutshell with with Russell Brandt using Joe Rogan as a as a tool to
explain that they solve the puzzle and by solving their mystery you accept
their monsters that's really the trick here by solving their mystery you accept
their monsters so the first thing you need to understand is that with the
seating of the gain of functionality with scientific programs this is the
real basis of everything this is where the no-virus people I guess I would
best give it to Stephen Lanka and and these these people that were already on
the AIDS the AIDS illusion there's a Greek lady Elena something else who was
really big on on exposing the the lack of isolation of the HIV virus but the
seating of the gain of function narrative by eco-health alliance and the Wuhan
lab and all this other stuff could have could be sorted out to figure out who
who took advantage of who to see this pandemic potential as an idea they didn't
and and the the virus the no-virus people have been very good about pointing out
that they have never proven the existence of pandemic potential highly high you
know highly fidelity excuse me high fidelity replication of RNA in in
bats this kind of in culture they've never shown this and in fact the way
that they have created the pandemic potential as an idea is using PCR and
metagenomic sequences sequencing as methodologies and then by that using
them over and over again and calling that evidence of pandemic potential then
they were setting up PCR and sequencing as bona fide evidence of these viruses
so that the years of scientific programming and and the grant funding and
these these papers that were released even if there were only a couple of
years were in the background establishing the idea that these viruses were
circulating when the only evidence they had were these these ridiculously faint
RNA shadows that they claimed were evidence of a circulating pathogen pool
and again what that did was it created the idea of pandemic potential and it
created the illusion that these methodologies are really pulling something
out of this noise in the background that's meaningful and also potentially
dangerous and so as we were wandering on this road and we were looking for
someone to pick us up and and give us a ride to somewhere none of the
discussion of pandemic potential is an idea or PCR or metagenomic sequencing or
even regular Sanger sequencing none of that discussion challenges the
existence of a novel virus and none of that challenges how those million people
died in the United States the Denver challenges whether or not this gain of
function is real or it's just something that they're they're hocus-pocusing in
the in a in a dish to try and give us the idea that it's real no one's even got
that on their radar yet even though we've been saying it for almost two years
now that we have been fooled it's only a question of how deep we have that we
come to understand that being fooled and nothing is more frustrating than
having been here for this long and having still people trying to
mischaracterize how we got here why we got here or who kept us from getting
here earlier but if you would have gotten into the car with a bunch of no
virus people you would not have gotten here any earlier than anyone else
because for some reason or another they couldn't put the whole picture together
to make a coherent statement to anybody they could only sling sling sling and so
the spread of bad ideas is much scarier and more dangerous than the spread of
any RNA molecule and I would argue that the no-virus people in the way they
tried to spread that idea was as dangerous as the people who were
spreading the gain of function viruses are real and this is a spike protein
causing amyloidosis that's just as dangerous two sides of an absurdity
coin no molecular biology at all exists molecular biology you know with nuclear
weapon potential exists two sides of the absurdity coin both of which were
wielded against us to make sure that basically we wouldn't figure out that
this was really really was a theater and whether or not all of these people now
come to the middle and start to absorb parts of the narrative and absorb parts
of the Scooby-Doo we have to see it for what it is if we're gonna escape and so
high-level narratives I'm sorry I could probably go back to that conducting
regular upper-level exercises and drilling the response to again a
function pandemic crisis exactly what we got here with with this you know
getting an illusion of consensus about this potential this illusion of
consensus extends across fields and lots of biologists believe it lots of
bureaucrats believe it lots of doctors believe it and this took years for this
to be formed it took years for this to be set up and then we release book after
book after book reinforcing this idea reinforcing that that's what happened
giving people an opportunity to go in depth and really think deep about how
this happened that's how this surrender of our individual sovereignty is going
to be enacted if we don't wake up now and I'm part of it I didn't wake up
early enough to see what's going on here and even even even even with the
opportunity to get that get some of this biology into Bobby Kennedy's book we are
still being ignored when it could be used as an opportunity it's used as an
opportunity to attack when it could be read and critiqued and pointed out that
there's there's a passage in there that's pretty lame but it's a quote from a
certain time in a certain part of my understanding and the evolution of it
and it got put in the book and so the way that these secret meetings have
reinforced pandemic potential the way that these books have reinforced pandemic
potential the way that we are protecting this faith in a novel virus has gotten
us here that's why Nathan is not with me anymore with his family anymore excuse
me for being so egoistic Nate's not with his family anymore because I couldn't
figure this out early enough because I couldn't break free of this mythology
and because I was surrounded on all sides by people who were trying to make
sure that I wouldn't and so what I was surrounded by from February of 2020
onward was Timor's case scenario Timor's case scenario in the beginning of
2020 was actually partly drastic on Twitter but also some of the intellectual
dark web was seeded as the Timor's case scenario from early 2020 even late 2019
and specifically they were seeded with ideas which could be used to confound
the effects of transfection knowing the transfection was going to be rolled
out as a countermeasure and so it's literally turning into worst case scenario
depending on who you got picked up on the road by who you who you found
yourself in a live stream with who you found yourself following you were
gonna hear someone telling you that it was gonna be worst case scenario and
worst case scenario leads to this faith in a novel virus it leads to this idea
that there are things we don't understand there are coronaviruses that can cause
a pandemic the coronaviruses spread asymptomatically and that they can kill
people depending on who gets them and the variants are evidence of spread and
evolution almost everyone you got in the car with would be talking about this
stuff and if you got in the car with no virus people you'd be talking about
isolation purification and talking about foyas all the time instead of talking
about the murder of thousands of Americans that was used to justify the
pandemic response all around the world the murder or the faking and fainting of
deaths in America that were reported around the world that were used we have
to investigate this crime to find out whether these mass casualty events were
real and then do a take account of exactly how real they were and then
cop to the fact that these mass casualty events which are not evidence of spread
were used to justify the pandemic response and used to see the narrative
that led to the faith in the novel virus and talking about isolation and
purification of viruses until you're blue in the face will not get us there does
not codify adequately what they did to us so that we can free our family and our
friends and our neighbors and our countries and our governments it gets us
lost in the never-ending loop and they've known that from the very beginning
that's their job that's the job of everyone who has been part of this worst
teamwork case scenario everyone I'm gonna escape out for just a second and
restart that
the fact of the matter is you can see them very clearly now and the same
people are still pushing the same narratives some people that were pushing
amyloidosis and pre-on disease about the spike protein and its gain of
function properties that were engineered into it in 2020 are now pushing that
still and now it has to do with the transfection and the sad part is is that
amyloidosis protein misfolding and maybe even worse could have been
expected from transfection on a grand scale and so how convenient is it that
teamwork case scenario in 2020 was saying the same things that they're saying now
only now applying them to transfection
confounding the effects of the spike protein in particular with the effects
of transfection again to protect the methodology from critique as they were
there from the beginning to do sent seeding the worst case scenario so that
the fear confusion and doubt would take hold that the narrative could be
propelled that the Scooby-Doo could be seated and to be there through the
whole thing to make sure that it stayed on its rails
it's not a matter of what counts what what's true that counts in this case it's
a matter of what these people have managed to convince us is true
and we've gone through this a lot but I think it's very important to keep
recalling that these people had no principles until 2022 they had no
principles until 2022 and even in 2021 they took a long mealy mouth route to
finding their principles
now it's really interesting that the first time I ever reached out I'm gonna
show that thing now I was gonna show it later but for some reason I got on the
the no virus thing where am I now here I'm on the Jordan Peterson slide okay so
I'm gonna go back down to the bottom here I'm just going to show you this
really quick because I think it's kind of cool
here is the first email that I ever sent to Dr. Sam Bailey and it was sent on 810
2021 August 10th 2021 dear Dr. Bailey or hello Dr. Bailey I'm a former
research assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of
Medicine of course they have taken me off their website but you can still find me
on PubMed and I give her a link I've been trying to teach the basic biology at
play here since last year including on my YouTube channel JC on a bike where I
was doing journal club for neurobiology until this all started you have
remained one of my favorite rocks to swim to when I think I might be losing
my grip thanks for that if you'd ever like to do an interview with someone that
could really dig deep into the biology with you I'd love to interview on my
twitch screen stream be well Jay Kui sounds pretty antagonistic sounds really
awful doesn't it like wow that's crazy what a mean guy hey dear Jay thanks for
reaching out and for the opportunity to be interviewed on your twitch stream at
the moment I am heavily pregnant and just trying to get out my last set of
YouTube videos done before having my baby in the next few months few weeks
sorry unfortunately I can't commit to any more interviews until I've had my
baby but perhaps we'll be possible in a few months once I know where things are
at best wishes Sam Bailey and I said yes warmest wishes what wonderful news I
would be delighted if you'd revisit this information please or invitation please
do take care there are many predictions about an acceleration of nonsense
coming I hope it's fake news thanks for taking the time to respond I look
forward to hearing all as well with you and yours sincerely Jonathan Jay Kui
why is that important because that's August 2021
that's August 2021 and that's after I wrote my review and it is after my July
2020 and May 2020 months where I repeated over and over again that we were being
fooled by a background and a confounding PCR signal and that natural immunity to
whatever this was was fine
so we were at GIGO and biological we've been extraordinarily ahead of the
curve like we could have taken a six-month vacation and come back and still
people would have been catching up to us
and so it is with somewhat annoyance then that I I feel like we're still here
in the midst of this snowstorm of nonsense still trying to fight the same people
pushing the same silly ideas and even after I've tried to create the momentum to get out of this
ditch still people pretty much ignore all of it and I'm not sure really what it's for
but I do know that a lot of people are are unable to participate in the discussion because
they are part of a national security operation
I don't know who they're affiliated with they could be affiliated with private contractors
with clearances or or or with the government itself and human health and human services or
or asper or or whatever I don't know
but that it would explain very easily why so many people stay on message in such a weird
android-like way and so with that spectacular commitment to lies
for national security reasons we are effectively confounding the toxicity of whatever agent
was out there whatever protocols we used whatever do not resuscitate orders we gave
whatever ridiculous stuff we did in 2020 to create
mass casualty events and the excess deaths that we needed including letting
opioid epidemic run wild
we have just confounded all of this nonsense with the effects of the shot
and the idea is of course to blame it all on the virus and the shot does nothing because that's
just a vaccine when in reality they knew the shot would do all this damage and it would
knew that it would have long-term consequences and so they seeded a narrative of a novel virus
starting to circulate with these novel consequences so when they showed up they could blame it on the
newest variant JN1 or whatever as the heart attacks start coming in they're already telling you that
there's going to be a increase because of this new variant
and so it's the same game it continues to be the same game
all right let's jump into it a sad soul can kill you quicker far quicker than a germ that's by
John Steinbeck I'm not just so sure how true that is but I think it's a good conversation
starter you know as people start making decisions about what to do with regards to the holidays
right you know it's something incredibly sad about the holidays where people were alone and
isolated and hopefully now with with vaccines with with wise choices about air quality and
ventilation with you know jumping on treatment and testing this can be hopefully a holiday season
where people are not alone and we can make some smart choices to allow people to
to be together and not have sad souls and so the idea of course is is that that was all necessary
because it was so bad and we did good job and the people that didn't go to do a good job made it
worse and now the people that really know what's right are still doing what's best which is taking
vaccines and wearing masks and social distancing and blah blah blah blah
encouraging their grandparents to get all the vaccines getting their flu
that's what these people are doing that's where we are in 2023 going into 2024
I don't think there's anything on this screen
and again we got here with this limited spectrum of debate we got here with these
people who I mean again I keep coming back to the no virus thing but the no virus people also
never ever ever would allow a open debate about things it was always a very limited spectrum of
debate and they argued that they were making sure that the content of the discussion would be limited
to virology and to the isolation or purification of viruses but what's really interesting is is
that there were a couple gigantic openings for them that they never took openings that included
emails that were written by me where I said that I think there's a possibility where all of us
could be right on the resistance and we could unite on this idea of being all kind of right
they would have no part of it even after we expanded the idea to say that even though if
they've exaggerated the phenomenon of natural viruses there are clones and you and I both may
not understand how these things work in culture or how they would work in application in quantity
no discussion nothing zero zip send us some papers where there's some evidence of these clones
again fighting desperately to keep this limited spectrum of debate very lively
and angry but not having really any genuine interest in resolving the debate in coming together
in an earnest desire to save the world otherwise they would put forth the people that have been
there for the longest otherwise they would be humble enough to say that this has been going
on for a lot longer in this person and this person and this person are the people you should turn to
but of course Kaufman and Cowan don't do that
they I don't know I'm just sure that even if they come around now
I'm absolutely certain and you can see it in that email in August 2021
I had contact with them and I had nothing but nice things to say I wanted to talk to them
I wanted to be convinced I was fine with being convinced at the same time as that was going on
people like people like the raccoon tamer were playing videos about Bimbo Bailey or something
like that and she was having pictures of hot dogs in her mouth and stuff
it's an extraordinary theater ladies and gentlemen extraordinary theater that was created how this
pandemic was done and it was done from all levels it was done from coordinated private contracting
to control the narrative and to make sure that the people who are all wandering around during
the course of this pandemic would get picked up by different automobiles and every one of those
automobiles would be filled with people that would never lead them to the truth
and so it doesn't matter what combination of people you choose off of this screen the likelihood
of you choosing a combination that got you free in 2020 or 2021 was zero
and that's how we've gotten here that's how we've gotten here that's how this will become the truth
because the people that are going to get promoted and then are going to move on and that are rising
in their popularity and their significance are all not questioning the novel virus not questioning
spread not acknowledging the data that says there's no spread
even some people who have produced the data that show there's no spread are not really pushing the
idea that their data shows there was no spread and I can think of at least two people with all kinds
of work put into analyzing the data of the pandemic and they both have data which shows that
there was no spreading respiratory pathogen no spreading risk additive pathogen was going anywhere
ever and none of them say it they say that the vaccines are deadly they say that they're lying
about vaccine deaths sure they do that's fine but they don't question the existence of the virus
at all and in fact they often reinforce it and I was doing that for most of my my pandemic
right up until 2022 when I realized that it was all clones that it could all be done with clones
that clones could explain the two or three places where it was cultured that's it
clones could explain it all and it just really depends on how much molecular biology do you need
to be real how much is real but the idea of a high fidelity RNA virus is not supported by
anything in biology and so therefore they needed to pull this scam where all of these people would
be co-opted into pushing a particular part of the story sticking to a particular part of the
narrative just like if you were to help this guy with his illusion on the train you'd have to stick
to a particular part of the train you'd have to stay out of his way otherwise very quickly
he would get in his way and then it would be obvious that you weren't doing anything to stop
the train or he wasn't because you'd bump into him and it would look oh wait well oh wow the train
stopped and you guys bumped into each other you didn't do anything
that's why this this analogy is so apt because in order for 50 people to coordinate with him in
order to pull this analogy off with 50 people he would need to practice you would need to have a
plan and a script and you would need to get out keep out of each other's way and that's what all
of this was that's what the exploration of hydroxychloroquine and the exploration of ivermectin
was all about that's what the discussion of the spike protein as evidence of gain of function with
all the tinkering in it that's what that was all about the discussion of it being
gated function so that maybe we can't make immunity to it because it's been engineered to not be
able to make immunity to it that was part of it
and i got sucked in like everybody else i got sucked in because i had people coming to my house
i had people coming to my house
i got a whole board over there of the number of people that have been to pittsburgh to my house
trying to come to my house ladies and gentlemen these medlers for four years they've been coming
to my house and that's why i didn't understand this illusion fast enough
that's why i have to say i'm sorry to nate's family and every other family that i didn't save
couldn't come quick enough to this it's my bad but it was a very firing operation i
droxychloroquine and ivermectin are both likely widely beneficial
and certainly we're going to hurt anything
and they were given in combination with other known pharmaceutical interventions medicines
that would be known to help with these respiratory situations so it's it's it's unfortunate but this
is the reality of it these stories were also part of it they were they were to cover up
hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin were to cover up the usefulness of things like azithromycin
and dexamethasone when used appropriately
and the countless other things that people like perechory and and peter mccullough were using
in their protocols they all probably helped but the idea that we were accentuating and selling
books about hydroxychloroquine and selling books about ivermectin that's the problem
because that doesn't tell the whole story of what was actually going on there that there was a
covid protocol or covid protocols recommended by the who hand by the cdc often which weren't
in agreement and then there were also these off-book protocols that included a whole bouquet
of different substances but we only ever talked about ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine really
even joe rogan was a case in point in this where he had six or eight different things and they said
that he had ivermectin he had monoclonal antibodies also and a couple other things so it's it's
strange and untruthful but it is how they did it
and once you see who was pushing these narratives and how they were pushing it and how they were
elevated you start to see from the perspective of retrospect looking back it's impossible for
all this stuff to line up like this it's impossible it's impossible for Brett Weinstein's
podcast from december 2019 to line up with all of the lab leak stuff and then line up with all of
the the the tv narrative and then all of the everything that it was there until he recorded a
stream with bobby kennedy that he didn't release for 14 months and all of the the the things that he
knew from me in the background that he never said out loud that can't all line up for four years
and not be something else this doesn't line up for four years straight and all of these people's
behavior unless they aren't doing this it's not possible
it's like saying that a bunch of airplanes with smoke trails just flew randomly and suddenly
they wrote Shakespeare in in the sky
these people were coordinated somehow by some entity or entities
maybe it was the five-eyes governments and their intelligence agencies coordinating
the response it wasn't the American government alone because not only did they need the excess
deaths in america to create the illusion of a mystery virus spreading in america but they needed
those other countries to lock down they needed those other countries to go crazy and to put on this
huge theater of of draconian lockdown and then be allowed to say that see we don't have any
covid because we locked down meanwhile the united states is murdering people but we're saying
it's covid spread and blaming it on people who didn't lock down people that aren't wearing masks
and that diabolical psychological operation that was executed on the whole world with coordination
from small agents and large social media entities algorithms the whole nine yards
it's the excess deaths in the united states that were used to sell that the excess deaths that
were not due to a spreading pathogen that at least a couple very prominent people with data collection
has their schtick no all too well that there was no spread they all know all too well that
there's no evidence for spread they know all too well that there's evidence for all kinds of other
malfeasance which caused those mass casualty events and they're not talking about it
they're saying that the vaccine killed a lot of people yes it did
but the vaccine could not have been rolled out the transfections could not have been rolled out
as a countermeasure without these people dying without all of these opioid deaths increasing and
being ignored without the death certificate fraud that we know went on without the financial incentives
without the tracking trace crap that all went on the mass the closures the mandates and without
the PCR and lateral flow test fraud and likely the sequencing fraud none of this could have happened
without coordination and all of this works against the idea of a gain of function virus leaked as
a dual bio weapon blah blah crap amyloidosis prion
they all of this stuff works against it because none of these things are honestly
subtracted from the total by any of these people they say there's a novel virus and there were
deadly deadly protocols and they say that seven million people around the world were killed
and that's a lie because that's not doing the math and if you do the math there's no mystery virus
there's zero epidemiological evidence of spread somebody hanging out with Steve Kirsch all the time
has all kinds of data that there's no evidence for spread somebody that went to Romania and met
all of the big stars of the dissonant movement and they all promoted him he's also got evidence
that there's zero epidemiological evidence of spread but doesn't they don't seem to talk about that
they seem to be really keen on focusing on the deaths caused by the transfections
nobody's talking about all the money we're saving from all these Medicare patients that were killed
nobody's talking about strict liability for some pharmaceutical products they're talking about
EUA extensions to Marburg and Ebola countermeasures and they're definitely not talking about the
vaccine schedule and the damage it does being a Seventh Amendment violation because we can't sue
the government for those damages nobody's talking about that nobody's talking about the vaccine
schedule in America being criminal they're only talking about things that can't do damage to
the heart of the matter let's say that there are no viruses in the world at all is that really
what you need to be saying then or do you need to be saying that there are no viruses at all
therefore stop vaccination
i think you need to be safe stop vaccination and i don't mean transfection i mean all of it
the entire criminal schedule built on the immunomethology that ultimately from which pandemics
have come ultimately this new world order with bat cave viruses is what they're doing
with this immunomethology and if we let this past be erased we let this past be forgotten we let
2021 be forgotten if we let 2020 and 2021 be forgotten then we will lose
and in 2020 and 2021 none of these people were speaking up
and the ones that were were specifically pushing a worst case scenario
and once you see it once you see that all the people that are prominent now that were prominent
in 2020 and 2021 were pushing the worst case scenario following the directives of the worst case
scenario debating the directives of the worst case scenario advocating for the intelligence
of the worst case the obvious common sense worst case scenario you better use a bandana because
if this is a gain of function virus boy you are in trouble
and so can all the molecular biology be a fraud no so therefore the alternative of no virus is
insufficient but is this infectious cycle real probably not are there highly pathogenic coronaviruses
that can circulate the earth almost definitely not are there gain a function viruses that can
be created in a laboratory and travel the world because they're so good at what they do no no no
we can barely find them in the wild and the best description i've come up with is this
mixtape idea that they can't make RNA do anything good because it's RNA it doesn't have the fidelity
of DNA the analogy being the cd and so what you can do with a cd you can't do with
audiotape because audiotape doesn't have that fidelity and RNA is very similar to that
audiotape it doesn't have that high fidelity copying mechanism it makes errors regularly
and those errors tend to be detrimental and catastrophic for the fitness of the molecule
and therefore growing it in culture and sustaining it that way is impossible they don't do it
instead what they do is they sequence it and they generate that sequence in a DNA molecule
and then they make quantities of that DNA molecule the DNA molecule being in the analogy of cd
they make that into small fragments that are circularized circular circular
and they are put into bacterial cultures where they are grown into higher quantities
those DNA can then be you know gathered and mixed with a culture sorry a commercial enzyme or
put into cell culture or electroporated into a cell culture and that can allow them to do these
basic virology experiments and to to standardize across laboratories because again they're starting
with a DNA standard which is converted to RNA and so although there will be some variation in the RNA
produced from that DNA clone that RNA will be as close to an RNA clone of that original virus
sequence as you could possibly get given the limitations of DNA versus RNA replication given
the limitations of RNA replication in bacterial culture etc but you're going to have a quantity
of RNA and a purity of RNA that could never be produced from the original whatever that RNA sequence
signal that you see in the wild and that's the important reason to understand infectious clones
as a methodology because if they work they are the primary way that any virology is done because
you can't grow viruses in a lab it got to start somewhere else it doesn't last that long and
infectious RNA clones are the answer and also the possible you know criminal methodology by
which this sequence or sequences have been distributed around the world it could be as little as two
or three patients which allowed the sequence to be to be cultured to be sequenced and then to be
disseminated around the world as the evidence of spread or it could be the opposite worst case
scenario where they are regularly spraying or introducing RNA or DNA clones of the new sequences
into our sewers into our water supply into the air I don't know
as bacteriophages or as lipid nanoparticles or as aerosolized virus-like particles I don't know
choose your patent but there's no doubt that they can make this RNA in quantity because
they do it for commercial product they do it for commercial products for academic biology and for
pharmaceuticals all the time it's a question of just upping the game using the right equipment
in the right sizes would it be perfect no of course not but they could definitely do it
this is not technology imaginary technology this is real and the fact that people don't want to
discuss this as a source of the molecular biological signal that was misconstrued as the pandemic
is another sign that people aren't really playing fair you can say there are no viruses in the wild
and this could still be real and in reality what we are dealing with is in that case would be
a security state which has decided to go so far as to test biological agents
which are self-replicating RNA molecules and test them by releasing them and saying that they are
coronavirus zoonotic jumps and for the last 20 years we have been testing genetic engineering
technology or or transfection technology by releasing it into the wild
that's the other end of this very very you know this is this is real
this is what they claim they can do this is what all virologists understand as
standard operating procedure but most of them haven't made the connection that
this belies the idea that that viruses are capable of circulating the globe for four or five years
straight but we're here now and we can see the people that have ignored this idea and continue
to ignore the idea that the methodology of infectious clones generated from DNA sequences
is the foundation of this RNA virology field in general and so until we understand it better
we can't take it for granted we can't take it at face value the no-virus people were right but
they haven't played their cards correctly so that no one really got converted
now i'm going to try and play those cards with them and i hope that at some point we
can come to the realization that it's it's it's now or never
either we realize that they could have fooled us on purpose with the knowledge of the background
and with the release of a or the the application of molecular biology to create the signals that
they use to cause this illusion of consensus
and so we have been confused into believing that millions were killed by a novel virus and millions
more were saved and this faith is almost unshakable because they have so many preachers in place
they have so many acolytes in place and those acolytes have many many followers because the
algorithms have been used to amplify them the stunts of censorship have been used to amplify
them the introduction of new social media during their censorship has been used to amplify them
and it continues to this day a guy like me who has been consistently trying
still has a fraction of the number of followers on anything that i have right now compared to
some of these people who are able to put out 15 page sub stacks eight times a week
and who also do podcasts all over the world and also travel all over the world and and go on
cruises with people and go it's hot tubbing with people all these they have time for all of this
because they have professed the faith and anybody who is crashing this faith has been discarded
anybody who's trying to question that faith has been attacked
unless you got on that one crazy team and then everybody just kind of you know just kind of
disappears and so here we are our kids are about to board this train our schools are about to board
this train many of them are already sitting in their seats whoops waiting for the train to
is it running no waiting for the train to pull out of the station and so we must dispel this idea
that we have defeated disease and epidemics in the past using vaccination we must dispel this
idea that novel coronaviruses can jump from other species and can pandemic we must dispel this idea
that PCR can be used to track things i have heard from several doctors now that they have a battery
test that they use to test from anywhere from four to seventeen different pathogens with a single
PCR swab we have to get away from this idea that asymptomatic spread is real we have to get away
from the idea that variants are evidence of both spread and continuing evolution of a single virus
and that the vaccine is causing it that this new variant is going to be especially dangerous
and that everybody knew it was going to be that way we have to get off of this train
the way that we do it is with the biology we advocate for a pause on all childhood vaccinations
we advocate for strict liability for all pharmaceutical products and we investigate the crime that is
the pandemic while we reclaim our sovereignty over our bodies and our children and we force
congress to close the cdc and withdraw from the who and the un entirely if you want to see who the
medlers are you can see them by watching what they do and don't do they do not advocate against
all childhood vaccines in america they don't they don't even touch the vaccine schedule at all
they don't advocate for the strict liability for all pharmaceutical products they were most of
them were were involved in advocating for the use of novel products for the novel virus
so they're definitely not an EUA's for them they're not definitely not going to
advocate for strict liability and they rarely if ever cite the use of deadly protocols to cause
mass casualty events as a meaningful data point in other words rather than saying it regularly
that people were murdered in the united states in order to create the illusion of a pandemic maybe
people were murdered in italy but people were murdered in order to create mass casualty events
that were misconstrued as spread and in retrospect in multiple data sets we can see that there is
no evidence for spread so everyone needs to reorient and that's why i'm here apologizing on
this late hour having figured it out
they do not use the word transfection they do not use the word clone to explain anything
they attack people instead of ideas and they are unable to summarize across the entire show and
that should be capital s show because it is around the entire capital s show that this is
happening you got to be able to tell the whole story if you're really focused on their their
squashing ivermectin and that's your only thing you want to talk about squashing ivermectin is
evidence that there are bad guys out there then you are not playing fair
if your idea is to say that there's amyloid coming and it's amyloid coming and amyloid
is always coming i told you amyloid is coming you're not playing fair because they murdered
people in america in order to create the illusion of spread they murdered people
and if you were really trying to win that was something that you would say
oops the video stopped there for a second story about that so we are at a time point
where human diversity is at its peak for all time and there will never be more genetic diversity
available again but i think we can flip this around a little bit try to be a little bit more
positive what can we do about this we are at a time point where human genetic potential is at its peak
and there is still time for humanity to awaken to a new vision of our future and i do really think
that that is how we have to look at 2024 they are going to try and break us
make no mistake about it they are going to try and break us and i think they're going to break
us with a lot of different sort of a lot of different drama and a lot of different strife
but if we stay focused on the biology and do not forget our near past of 2020 and 2021 and work
ever diligently to accurately bring everyone to account on team worst case scenario we are
going to win so please stop transfections in humans and please the elimination of the control group
is still in danger intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of
augmenting the immune system is dumb and transfection healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses
are not pattern integrity so i know this was not a new show
but because i had to take down my my 23rd of december show i wanted to replace it with another one
which would cover a lot of the same things and especially this list of how actually the pandemic
was done because i think it's pretty close and i do think the team worst case scenario is definitely
part of this central part of this plan and these these various people that are still trying to
ignite conflict between them and trying to accentuate conflict between them are really still trying
to close the loop on the limited spectrum of debate and make it appear very lively
but if it's pretty lively between people that are all part of this then we're not actually
escaping and i think that's what we're still witnessing so please keep your head up
if you can please go to giga-homebiological.com and scroll down you can also find a green
green button there it says support giga-home you can also find the soapbox link there which
we're going to be using in 2024 and now you can find a schedule you can also find a place to leave
a voicemail um which would be kind of cool because i would like to play some of these voicemails
on air but nobody seems to leave them and then finally if you can um subscribing would be really
great because i do think giga-homebiological is going to need your support this year
big things big things are going to happen this year i think so um the the closer we are to free
and uh independent and financially not dependent on anyone else um the more likely we are to move
the ball forward thank you very much happy new year i'm going to go upstairs and enjoy a drink
before the fireworks start and uh anyway thanks very much i will see you again tomorrow this is
the start of a new streak um i don't know how long the streak is going to be but uh i'll see on
january first on the flip side ladies and gentlemen thank you very much
um beep beep beep beep beep beep